Thank you for joining us again tonight.
Like I said, we got a new microphone; let us know what you think about the new audio.
Braden's been working on it all afternoon trying to make sure that it works well because he got a new mic, so we're excited about those changes.
New changes, little at a time.
What was I saying?
Let's go over some of the things that we saw yesterday.
We haven't had a lot of time, like I said, to check the news today because it is Megan's birthday, so we haven't been doing a lot of research.
But there's news out.
I guess there are a lot of rumors saying that they believe Benjamin is still passed away.
Then I hear other things saying that the rumor is that he's still alive.
Then we have Paul Begley, who said something about him being still alive.
You don't know what to believe anymore; there's so much fake news.
The Lord told us this was coming, ladies and gentlemen.
He said that 2026 would start off this way by summertime, going into 2027 and 2028, and that they would put a squeeze on all the fake media and fake news.
They would use fact-checkers.
The Lord said the fact-checkers are coming out huge in 2028 for the election.
It will be so overwhelming that the AI channels are going to squash this.
From what I see coming, laws are being put into place for censorship—really coming against your First Amendment rights in America and freedom of speech.
I saw that it would happen a lot in Europe and that they would come after Elon Musk and the X platform.
There's going to be a lot coming against him in Europe and other nations like Russia.
The way I looked at it, it was all up toward the European area.
When this happens, I saw a lot of people going to X, but a lot of lawsuits coming against X and Elon for freedom of speech in those countries, banning him from allowing those to be in their nations.
Then I saw a Watergate-type scandal coming with the Republican Party.
The Lord said, 'You must pray against a new Watergate like Nixon, but it would be worse.
' They would try to use this to derail momentum in the Republican Party in the days ahead.
A new Monica Lewinsky or Marilyn Monroe type of scandal would try to come out in the White House.
The Lord said specifically to pray against this.
We hear in part and see in part.
I think it's interesting some of the warnings the Lord gives us.
As we've been praying over Cuba and about a major revival coming to Ireland—a great shaking to awaken—I was pretty tired after I finished last night.
I told Dina I'm excited about what the Lord is saying about the islands: San Juan, Puerto Rico, St.
Thomas, St.
Martin, Haiti, and the Dominican Republic.
I truly believe we're about to see one of the greatest harvests the world has ever seen.
The islands are not left out.
We're going to see millions of people coming to the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ in the days ahead.
The Lord said, 'I want you to go over what I showed you about 2026 again.
' I know this is going to be redundant for some of you who have heard it over and over again, but it has to be repeated.
The Lord said 2026 will be the year of 1 Corinthians 5:5, for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
He said a great shaking to awaken will be in 2026.
I saw five major shakings coming: in the church, in politics, in the earth's crust, in the sky above, and in finances.
These will be fearful sights that will bring you to your knees.
A great shaking is coming in 2026, the Lord warned me, beginning in the house of the Lord first.
He said there will be certain mega-churches in California where corruption will start to be uncovered.
The corruption runs deeper than what people think in some churches.
You'll see this in California and across America.
This is exactly what the Lord said back in October of last year.
He said many elders will start to go home—some because they've not listened, and some because it's just their season.
As you see these elders go, the Lord said some will fall over on their platforms.
I saw some preachers preaching behind the pulpit and just going home right there on stage.
The Lord wanted to emphasize this again: it's not just charismatics or non-denominational preachers; it's across the board: Catholics, Baptists, Methodists, Church of Christ, you name it.
He said the body of Christ as a whole, judgment begins in the house of the Lord first—a shaking to awaken.
As we were praying last night, I saw a shaking with the staff attached to President Trump.
I saw a changing in the White House religious staff.
I saw new faces and new positions, bringing in a prayer covering from the north, south, east, and west—people stationed as prayer warriors who are veterans in prayer.
God was bringing veterans in prayer to surround our president.
I believe I'm praying right now for these prayer warriors with influence.
I'm not familiar with Kevin Zadai's ministry, but from what I saw, he was invited to the White House and went.
I believe he's a praying man.
There's going to be people that have integrity and spiritual oomph behind him because of this demonic pressure, even from the leader of Cuba doing some kind of witchcraft against our president with a photo.
The Lord said, 'You must carry him across the finish line or he's not going to make it.
The church must lift him up and carry him.
' He had huge cement blocks on his feet and was dragging them as much as he could.
The pressure of the Antichrist agenda and the spirit realm is weighing him down, even destroying his organs.
He has an assignment that he must accomplish.
He is in the valley of decision.
Even as the Lord said concerning Cuba, how will he handle it in the days ahead?
He said publicly he could do anything he wanted to do with Cuba.
I truly believe God is going to liberate the ten million plus people on that island.
We are going to see a major Holy Ghost and fire revival.
As we were praying the shaking to awaken over Cuba two nights ago, there was a 5.
8 earthquake during that time frame.
We were interceding, and the wall in Cuba started to shake.
I believe it's confirmation from the Lord.
It gives you some encouragement to keep going.
We're going to pray for the nations; they're going to be saved.
I am praying for a major awakening in Ireland, Cuba, New Zealand, Australia, and places that seem lukewarm, like South Korea.
I have expectation.
As I went over the visions today, the Lord reminded me about that black gauze that looked like the death angel.
It had a face but no body structure.
It reminded me of the plague again.
He reminded me that COVID was a test run and the next one would be COVID on steroids—a plague that would be released that would kill hundreds of millions this time.
I saw the honey glow on the people in white suits, representation of purity.
They had the Holy Ghost and fire on them like a honey glow.
They went and laid hands on the people and raised them from their deathbeds.
The Lord said it's similar to what John G.
Lake would do whenever he held the bubonic plague in his hand and the doctor took the froth from the man's mouth.
When you're filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, walking in shalom and knowing who you are in Christ, I saw people rise up as believing believers who go and lay hands on the sick and they recover.
I say all this to prepare you, not to scare you.
The Lord said when Passover comes, it will be a time of great acceleration.
The labor pains from Passover will double.
They increased on September 23rd when the UN took a vote against Israel.
I don't believe in replacement theology.
I stand for the peace of Jerusalem and the people of Israel.
I believe Israel is forever.
I believe we're in the end of the end times and Jesus Christ is coming.
We need to draw a line in the sand.
I see anti-Semitism about to rise, and our Jewish brothers and sisters will flee and go home.
But we as believers have to pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
I know Jared Kushner is the errand boy for the antichrist.
He's going to have a dark cloak around him in the days ahead.
And he will run about as the forerunner; the pre-Antichrist is what the Lord said.
The antichrist spirit will rest upon Jared Kushner with Emmanuel Macron.
Now, Emmanuel Macron's term, I believe, is done this year, but the Lord said even whenever his term is done, there'll be things that he does outside of this.
I saw a Hitler-type spirit trying to rise up on these men as they were having these hexes and these seance things they were doing all this underneath in Germany, Berlin.
And they were actually—I don't know if the word is conjure up or whatever—they were taking human sacrifice, and I was looking, summoning the Mahdi, summoning the antichrist spirit, the Pergamon Altar, and the things that are associated with it with this staff that Hitler was infatuated with.
This staff that this...
whatever this thing is.
It's like a knife.
I believe it's still in Berlin from what I understand.
Maybe I'm off on that, but I'm trying to tell you I see this demonic thing.
I see these things being used in rituals trying to bring forth this antichrist spirit.
So then I hear that this new leader over Iran is saying that he is going to bring...
he is the one that is prophetically sworn in by the Quran to bring forth the Mahdi.
He believes he is the one that's going to help do this.
What did I tell you I saw before all that came out?
That's in the news; people are talking about it.
I said I saw him underground, and he was talking to a man with a white beard, and he was standing next to a rocket, and it had one load, one major bomb.
And I saw them talking and he said, "Do you believe, sir?
" I could hear him in here.
I was hearing him in English, but he was talking to the man with a white beard and a white turban on his head.
And they were talking back and forth and they were going over Islamic prophecy and they were bouncing things back and forth of things that they knew that was in Islamic prophecy.
And he said, "Do you truly believe that we're in that time?
" The old man said, "Yes, I do.
It's time.
" And they were devising a plan of how to distract the eagle so they could try to give a fatal blow to Israel.
And they believed in doing so it would bring forth major war and bring forth the Mahdi.
This is what I saw.
And they were underground.
They were talking to a scientist and they were talking about a megaton, like what was in Hiroshima, and they were talking to him: "Do you believe what we have hidden will work?
Do you believe what we have?
We have one.
Do you believe it will work?
" And the scientist said, "I don't see why not.
It's not been tested, but we believe we have one working bomb.
" And I saw one special rocket that was black that was as long as a bus that they were wanting to put this thing on.
And I saw them trying to devise a plan.
Beside the rocket was barrels full of biological weapons.
And the Lord said this came from Saddam.
Those were the weapons of mass destruction that they could not find.
Some of them went to Iran.
I saw things with Y on it.
I don't know what it was.
I'm not educated in biological stuff.
I tell you what I see.
But I know some of this was like a mustard gas.
And I saw what it did.
And it boils and it melted the skin off of your body and it made your back bust in half in convulsions.
I saw a very evil plan.
And the Lord said, "You must pray for what they say is underneath these mountains.
" And I saw the mountains.
The Lord showed me it was deep underneath them in the northeast.
I saw it.
So, as we see all this, we pray for the liberation of Cuba.
I believe with all my heart our brothers and sisters are about to be liberated.
And it will happen in a 24-hour period—not in the next 24-hour period, please hear me—within a 24-hour period, it will be like...
and everybody will be celebrating.
And from that day forward, what has been a noose around their neck pulling them under will be broken free and they will be liberated and they will have Holy Ghost revival and the satanic cult and all this stuff.
There will be a piercing of the demonic veil that has been over that island.
The Lord said, "I'm going to bring great revival to the Cuban people.
" So, I keep saying that out.
I keep saying it and I keep telling you and I'm declaring it that Marco Rubio will have his tens of thousands and then there'll be David and then there'll be Saul and he'll have his thousands.
What has he done versus him to become 2028?
Remember this.
What has he done to become 2028?
For one will have great accomplishments and the other one looked like a tail rider.
That's what I saw.
So, we'll see as we keep praying for these things.
But right now we need to focus on the task at hand and making sure the Clarity Act gets passed.
Clarity Act for a new industrial revolution and for all that to happen, then for them to get the Save America Act done.
It passed in the House; we need it to pass in the Senate.
They need to get off their ignorance and vote this thing.
This shouldn't be a question; we should already have it done.
It should be done.
We should already have this voted on.
And we need to see who the traitors are versus the ones that are for our nation.
And the ones that are traitors should be voted out and we'll bring in better people to fill them.
If you're a RINO and you're a Republican and you're rebutting against this, shame on you.
It's time for you to go.
We need to have a better person in your position.
And the Lord showed me last night that he was pricking the hearts of pastors, pricking the hearts of people that have positions that would run for office and win by the hand of the Lord.
As I was praying for Hawaii last night, I saw a Hawaiian man that he is very respected with the Hawaiian people and he was heavy-looking, but the Lord said it's about culture.
It's culture.
Now, I am not familiar with Hawaiian culture at all.
I know our culture...
you call rednecks or whatever you want to call us in Oklahoma, but I'm not familiar with Hawaiian culture.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to bring forth someone that will have a great influence on the Hawaiian Islands.
" And I saw a darkness that was a form of witchcraft over Hawaii.
And it was old.
It looked very dark, this presence of occultic stuff that was over Hawaii.
And I didn't know if they did or not, but the Lord showed me there was some kind of...
there's something that's attached to it.
But the Lord said he's bringing revival.
And as these things happen, I saw major volcanoes erupting in Hawaii.
And so, there was a lot too last night.
I saw that it would only take one or two people in Ireland that he was raising.
I saw a dead man getting up again.
I saw blinded eyes opening.
I saw ears popping open.
And I saw the glory of the Lord coming on Ireland with a major, major move that was going to save a lot of people in the days ahead because signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
And so I'm encouraged by some of the things the Lord showed us last night.
I have such an anticipation to watch the manifestations of the sons and daughters—realize who they are, the salty ones.
So, was that it, Braden?
Was that everything about yesterday?
Dublin.
You saw Dublin, right?
I talked about that.
Ireland, that was it, right?
I think that's it.
Yeah.
So, hopefully that encourages you.
We had 42 people get born again last night and 70-something the night before.
So, there's a lot of people coming to the saving knowledge of Jesus through this channel and we're excited about it.
It's amazing to see what God has done through just some YouTube broadcast that people would come and give their heart to Jesus Christ.
And so what an awesome time we are having just having a prayer channel.
Oh, I saw the Lord said, "Call forth the rowers.
" And I saw a major boat that had paddles like an old Viking boat, like how they would row with the sails, but they would row, like the old boats.
Everybody would be there and they would be pushing this massive boat because everybody had a stick and they were all rowing together and pushing and pulling.
I saw the way it was in prayer.
And the Lord said, "Call for the rowers to come.
Call them.
These are as we pray together; many hands make light work.
" And as all of us come and assemble together in prayer, I saw people putting their supply on these rowing boats.
And as we were rowing, we were in the end-time church praying forth a major move of God and for everything that we need to happen.
But it was all happening.
And the Lord said, "It must be birthed in the spiritual before you see it in the natural.
But it is birthed through prayer.
Pray more.
Come up to my throne more.
Have more fellowship with me more in the throne room.
" And as people were rowing this boat, we were all working together with one heart in one accord.
Just like it was with the upper room: they come with a sound of a mighty rushing wind, but first they were all in one accord.
They were all praying and they were in one accord.
And then boom, it came a sound.
Boom, the Holy Ghost and fire came.
Boom, speaking in tongues.
Boom, all this stuff happened.
Look what God did.
I see that as where we are right now with all of us coming together and boom, here we are and the glory of the Lord as we are rowing this boat in this end-time army, praying forth everything he has for us to do.
And I was looking for scripture, and remember I told you all about I saw the babies and they were coming back to the churches.
Now I'm not talking about everybody's going to go back to the church where they came from if it's a corrupt church.
I'm talking about you had some kind of silly difference and you probably don't even...
if you really stopped and thought about it and you said, "Brandon, I don't remember why I left.
I have to really think about it.
Why did I leave that church?
What was I mad about?
What was I irritated about?
Was there really something there?
" And you really can't even give me a real reason why when the Lord assigned you there other than you just were irritated and, "Well, you know what?
I didn't like the way he preached, so I got out of there.
" But you know, God called you there.
That's who I'm talking about.
Not some kind of scandal where the pastor was doing something bad or whatever and you're like, "I'm out of here.
" I'm talking about where you know that God had called you there and you still inside of you know there's something there.
The Holy Spirit's warning you; he's stirring in you.
That's what I'm talking about.
But he gave me Psalms 92:13 and 14: "Those that be planted in the house of the Lord shall flourish in the courts of our God.
They shall still bring forth fruit in old age; they shall be fat and flourishing.
" Because they were rooted.
And as they are fat and flourishing in the spirit because they are bringing forth great fruit in old age, they're fat and flourishing because they didn't let offense bother them.
They didn't allow the rumor mill from Sister Clipboard to tick them off and say, "Well, Sister Clipboard, I heard from the other Sister Clipboard and that Sister Clipboard was talking to that Sister Clipboard, and everybody sitting there being a busybody, and they got over here to you and you heard about what she said...
" And relay telephone that came out that I said the color purple and you said it was something else and you don't even know what was said.
And the next thing you know, "I'm gone.
Well, I'm out of here.
I already thought there might be something going on here.
I'm out of here.
" That's what I'm talking about.
But the ones that are fat and they're full of fruit—those that be planted in the house of the Lord—we're planted in the church, in the house of the Lord.
We're there.
We're planted.
Shall flourish.
We're going to flourish.
It didn't say we're going to barely get by.
That's why the Bible said that the willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
If you're not eating the good of the land and you're struggling and barely getting by, check your willingness and how obedient you were.
Are you willing?
It's not just about you doing something; are you willing and obedient?
So, check your willingness.
Check your thermostat.
Am I willing and obedient?
Do I qualify to eat the good of the land?
The Bible says the willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
And I have to say, you look at yourself and say, "Am I eating the good of the land?
" What does that mean?
Because the Bible said we could.
So, how is it when a lot of people say, "Well, I'm struggling.
I got this"?
Well, check your thermostat.
Am I willing and obedient to what God has called me to do?
But a lot of it is that a lot of people have misplaced themselves.
You say, "Well, God called you to give to a certain ministry, to a certain church, and you didn't like it.
Well, I'm out of here.
" Well, I go back to being willing and obedient.
What did God tell you to do?
Not everything is always going to be appeasing to your flesh.
So, I check myself all the time.
Am I willing and obedient?
Because those that are planted in the house of the Lord shall flourish in the courts of our God.
I'm going to flourish; I'm going to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
Even whenever I get offended, I sow seed.
Even whenever I get annoyed, I say, "Here, let me bless you.
Bless those.
" You've got to come up higher.
And it's not all the time you know your flesh wants to do that.
Well, be willing and obedient.
So I always say, check where you're planted.
Where are you going to church?
Where are you in your fellowship with the Lord?
Are you going from church to church trying to find a perfect church?
Because I'm going to tell you, there is no perfect church.
There is no perfect pastor.
There is no perfect pastor's wife.
There's no perfect deacon board.
If you have a deacon board, everybody has issues.
Everybody has something they're going through.
We're all a work in progress, going from glory to glory.
But I'm trying to clean up the church right now, telling you the willing and obedient will eat the good of the land.
And I have to check my thermostat.
Am I eating the good of the land?
Is God taking care of me?
Is everything going well?
Is my thermostat right with him all the time?
You have to check it.
Where are you sowing?
Where are you giving your tithes and your offerings?
Check where you're giving.
You have to do that all the time.
I do it, Lord; I measure it.
And when you're like a farmer that plants, you expect hundredfold, right?
A farmer always knows this is where I want to plant.
I'm going to sow my seed in this field, and it's either good manure or it's bad soil.
But I know that this soil is rich, and if I plant corn, I'm going to get a bumper crop.
So I always measure it out.
What makes soil good?
What makes soil rich?
What makes some thirty, some sixty, and a hundredfold?
What makes it where some seed doesn't produce at all?
Well, bad soil.
It's not hard, but we make it hard.
We try to make everything so super spiritual.
We say, "Well, we've got to fast and pray.
" I'm not knocking fasting and praying, but I get tired of the excuse where everybody puts up the spiritual wall and they try to make a mountain out of a molehill.
Thirty, sixty, hundredfold is when you realize where your sowing is.
Is there fruit there?
Do you see it?
And I know a lot of people criticize megachurches.
They criticize things, and God gives the sheep to the people he can trust.
I'm not always saying everyone's right in the mega church, but I would say a lot of times when you see it, they're nurturing those babies and bringing them up and at least teaching them something, versus some people that don't.
How do you handle what God has given you?
The Bible says, "Be faithful over little and he'll make you ruler over much.
" But people don't want to be faithful over the little God's given them.
And God's not going to let you beat the sheep.
God's not going to let you beat people.
He's going to make sure you're treating them right.
And a lot of people don't want to hear that.
That's why: be faithful over little; he'll make you ruler over much.
How do you handle the sheep God has given you?
And so I see and I watch it.
And as a watchman, I see a lot more than I say.
I just sit and I listen.
And the Lord gives me discernment each day.
It's not always for you to call it out.
It's none of your business; he didn't ask you to do it.
A lot of times he's only sent me to a couple of churches and I sat in the back.
And the pastor ran back and said, "Who are you?
" I said, "The Lord told me judgment's coming to your church.
" And they look at me and go, "Okay.
" Like he wants me to leave now.
But guess what?
Six months later, they're closed.
Just like the Lord said, you warn people, and you just keep pushing.
I don't have everything always perfect, but I keep pushing.
I'm trying.
We're getting weight off.
We're working out.
We're exercising.
We're walking around, and I count my steps every day.
You know what I'm trying to say.
They say 10,000 steps.
I'm like, "Oh my gosh, how many steps is that?
" They said, "Well, I believe it's 2,000 steps per mile.
" So, I've been walking and doing my steps and trying to make sure the flesh...
and the older you get, the more it's been exciting.
Tonight I had salad and they're all eating birthday cake and I was sitting there looking at them going, "This is terrible.
" I told Braden, I said, "How's that cake taste, boy?
" He goes, "You know, Dad, it wasn't that good.
Don't worry about it.
" I said, "It looked good to me.
" It was from Cheesecake Factory.
I said, "Oh, I wanted some so bad.
" I was there looking at that and Megan had her hands all in it and she's licking her hands.
I said, "Oh, Jesus, take the wheel.
" I said, "But that's okay, baby.
Enjoy that birthday cake.
Daddy will just eat a piece of celery and watch you and pretend I'm eating it.
" But I made it.
I got through it.
It's not always easy.
What's that?
The Cheeto guy.
It's not easy being cheesy.
Let's pray.
I'm just trying to warn you of what the Holy Spirit's telling me.
You say, "Well, Brandon, I don't believe anything you said.
" That's fine.
I'm not here to convince you of anything.
I'm here to keep warning, beating my drum, doing what I feel the Lord's called me to do.
And if you don't like what I'm saying...
I get the letters in the mail.
I get the emails.
People don't like it; people telling me they believe we're going through the whole tribulation and writing me a whole book of how I'm so wrong in teaching all of you that I believe that the rapture of the church is about to happen.
Then I have people say that there are all these different things and different theologies, and I say, "Where did they come up with this stuff?
" Some YouTube people say, "I believe it this way.
" I say, "I don't see where that's in the Bible.
" And I talk to the elders and they think they're crazy and they say, "Well, that's fine.
" Everybody has a different way they interpret scripture.
They do.
So, I'm not here to argue theology with people.
I try to follow people like Rick Renner and Billye Brim and Perry Stone, people that have some Greek study mixed in there.
You can listen to what they're saying with the scripture and they add it and they put it together and I look and I go, "That makes sense.
" Put the Greek with the King James and I go, "Okay, I get it.
" Some people are so over my head I go, "Man, I got to hear that seven times.
" You know Charles Capps was a good one, too.
He taught the end times well, and Hilton Sutton.
But what I understood is that some of these big Bible teachers that taught that stuff didn't always agree with each other.
And so this one taught that one, but they were friends and they agreed to disagree.
They didn't beat each other down.
They just kept walking.
None of them are here.
They all went home to be with the Lord, but they loved each other and they got along.
People weren't in strife.
Like I said, you can agree to disagree without having to be mean.
So that's what I've learned with end-time theology.
I just stay in my lane and try to just say what the Lord has told me to say.
Now I've been reading John Bevere's book, 'The King is Coming,' A+.
He believes what I believe.
There is a rapture of the church.
He believes it.
And I believe it, too.
And I think anybody that's been in my circle, you know, with Rick Renner and all these people, they all believe it—that Jesus is coming sooner than later.
All I want to tell you every single time I come on here is that if you don't get anything else, you need to know there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
It's so important that you check your level.
Where are you?
Are you ankle deep?
Are you waist deep?
Are you knee deep?
Are you over the head?
Are you swimming at the bottom wherever Jesus is?
Are you drinking that living water?
Or are you stagnant?
Have you become weary in well-doing?
Are you backslidden?
Are you cold?
The Bible said he would rather you be hot or cold, but if you're lukewarm, he would speu you out of his mouth.
There's so many people that are living in compromise right now.
And as I've been listening to this young lady—I don't know her name, she was an ex-witch.
She got born again and Jesus visited her as she was doing some kind of occultic practice.
She gave her heart to Christ.
She's telling everybody how to anoint their house with oil.
I was so excited that this young woman was teaching people how to anoint their house with oil as an ex-witch.
The Lord said, "Brendon, I'm coming after the occult.
I'm coming after the witches.
I'm coming after the warlocks.
I'm coming after the seance people.
" I love them.
I want all of them to get born again and none should perish.
So when I hear about this girl, Craft to Christ—whoever, I believe is her channel name—she said, "I gave my heart to Jesus.
" Now I don't know everything she says.
I don't know if I agree with everything because I haven't listened to everything.
But for some of the things she's talking about—anointing the house with oil and standing on the blood with the authority of the blood and the power of the name of Jesus—I got excited about.
At least she's teaching people.
A lot of the church doesn't teach anything nowadays about the authority of this bottle of oil.
I carry this; I've got them everywhere.
I've got oil in my bedroom.
I've got oil everywhere.
All different kinds.
And I anoint my kids every day.
I anoint my house every day.
Quite often.
I don't want to exaggerate, but quite often.
I anoint my cars.
I anoint me.
I anoint my house.
Every time I speak, I anoint myself with oil.
I anoint my son before we start.
I anoint my wife.
I anoint my kids.
Then no weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
I believe in the power of the blood of Jesus.
And if you do too, you will understand.
If you come underneath the spiritual things that we do in the realm of the spirit with all the things that happen with us, you'll get real familiar with it too.
And we take communion all the time.
We've got buckets of communion.
You need to understand who you are.
The Lord said if you don't have a revelation of Psalms 91 and Psalms 23, you're in trouble.
But it's not something you just read one time.
Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
And only when you get that word rooted and grounded in your heart and it's so deep down inside of you that it's a pillar, and you know—I'm fully persuaded that what God has promised, he's able also to perform it.
And as I was listening to this young woman—I don't even know her name, I apologize—but she was talking about it, and the Lord—it was late at night and I saw the video about some of the hexes and vexes.
I clicked it and the Lord said, "I want you to watch that," and I started listening to this young girl that was a witch that came to Jesus and had a visitation from Jesus in the middle of the night.
When she was doing bad things, witchcraft, and Jesus saved her from what I understand.
I would love to hear that testimony again.
I was just like, "Wow, God is visiting even the dark art people that are practicing dark stuff.
" And He's going before them.
Hey, you're running out of time.
I love you.
I have a plan for your life, and this is not it.
What you're doing here, trying to hex and vex and do all these things, this is not the plan that I have for you.
I have more for you.
And there's so many of you that watch me right now that are similar to that young woman.
You're wayward.
You might be watching and you're a witch right now, and you're always on here because you've got to try to mess up this broadcast.
But you don't understand that the blood of Jesus is against it.
And every word that tries to come against me, it falls to the ground.
It will not bear fruit in my life.
You cannot curse whom God has blessed, and a curse without a cause cannot stand.
The blood of Jesus Christ makes it that way.
So I try to tell you this over and over again.
I heard what she said about sending a curse back on that witch after they send it to you.
After I heard her say that, I repented.
I said, "Lord, I don't ever want to do anything dark.
" Because she was saying, "Anytime a Christian says that, it's basically practicing witchcraft, too.
" I started listening to what she was saying, and the Lord said to me, "Brandon, you don't have to say anything.
The devil is a 'kill, steal, and destroy' devil.
It automatically boomerangs because he isn't for a witch anyway.
He hates them just as much as he hates you.
He's using them.
And regardless, you just stand there with the blood.
The devil automatically kills, steals, and destroys.
That's who he is; that's his whole method of operation.
He wants to destroy anyone and everything because he's vile.
" And so the Lord said, "You don't have to say nothing.
All you have to do is just stand there with me, Brandon, and it's like a shield and it just bounces off.
It's like a force field.
The blood of Jesus is a force field.
Boom.
And it bounces off.
When you take a rubber ball and you bounce it on a building, the ball automatically bounces back at you.
" And the Lord said, "Just because you're standing underneath the blood with that covering, son, when they bounce the ball, the ball bounces back.
You don't have to say nothing.
You just stand there with your head held high.
Come up higher to the throne of grace.
Come up higher, son.
It's time to come up higher, Brandon.
Don't worry about all this stuff.
Come up to the throne of God.
" And He said, "A rubber ball always bounces back.
" You can take a rubber ball—boing—comes back at you.
Tennis ball, whatever.
It's an illustration.
But the Lord told me, "Just keep standing, Brandon.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it in these last days.
It falls to our feet; it will not bear fruit in our life.
" I believe in the power of the blood of Jesus, and I want you to also.
But I was encouraged to see—I don't know how young this woman is—someone say, "I was once lost, but now I'm found.
Jesus visited me in an occultic assignment.
" What I'm trying to tell you is that you may not be practicing witchcraft; you may not be doing something dark like that, but you're in some kind of darkness.
You may be on drugs, you may be selling drugs, or you may be a pimp, a prostitute, or a stripper.
You may be doing something dark all the time also, but it's a different kind of darkness.
And you're here tonight and you're just saying, "Brandon, I want to get right with the Lord.
I know I'm doing wrong.
I know I'm messing up; I'm an alcoholic or smoking bad stuff.
" You might be smoking the devil's lettuce every day of your life and you're high all the time, and you're like "woo" and you don't even know where you are.
But God wants you to be sober.
You may be into pornography.
You may be cheating on your wife or your husband.
You may be thinking, "It's okay; it's just a little sin.
" But all sin separates us from the Lord.
All sin leads to hell.
I'm saying all sin causes a door to open.
I'll have Sister Clipboard throwing rocks at me again.
"Nothing shall by any means separate me from the love of God.
" Right?
That's scripture.
Find that scripture so I don't misquote it because I don't want Sister Clipboard throwing rocks at me.
"Nothing shall by any means separate me from the love of God.
" Is that right?
Nothing in all creation, including death, life, angels, demons, fear, or powers, can separate believers from the love of God found in Christ Jesus.
A believer, not a sinner.
Sin separates us from the Lord.
That's Romans 8:35-39.
I have tried to get everything right, y'all.
I told you I'm a work in progress just like y'all, but I have these scriptures that I've tried to memorize and they come out of me.
What I'm trying to tell you tonight is that sin separates us.
We must repent of our sin.
We must become born again.
You have to confess your sins because the Bible says He that confesses is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins as He is able to cleanse us of all unrighteousness.
I truly believe that there's a lot of you out there tonight that just want a fresh, clean start, but you have to confess your sins and you have to repent and turn from your wicked ways.
Tonight's your night to have a fresh, clean start.
As I heard that young lady talk about how she was a witch and a tarot card reader and all these things, and she said Jesus visited her as she was doing dark arts, I was taken back by it.
I was just like, "No way.
" Astral projection and dark stuff, and Jesus visited her and she gave her heart to Christ.
If Jesus would save her, He'll save you.
If Jesus would save me, He'll save you.
If Jesus saved Braden, He'll save you.
I truly believe no matter how dark of a sin you think you've done, the moment you confess it, it's all underneath the blood.
As far as the east is from the west, He's taken our sins from us.
But you have to get real with yourself tonight.
You have to come and have a "come to Jesus" moment and say, "Listen, I am done living this way.
" And you've got to be real about it.
If you're done and you want to give your heart over to the Lord, tonight's your night, and I want to pray for you.
I want you to get to the point where you're bold about it and tell us in the comment section.
If you won't confess Him before man, He won't confess you before His Father.
You have to get bold about your faith.
I want you just to say this simple prayer and just believe it with all your heart.
And I believe when you say this prayer, you'll be saved.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins from this day forward.
Lord, I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on any kind of contract that I may have said I sold my soul to him or done something dark.
I turn my back on it.
I break those contracts.
I break them with the blood of Jesus.
From this day forward, Lord, I will serve you.
I dedicate my life.
I surrender all.
Jesus, I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that from this day forward, I'm a new creature, a creature created in Christ Jesus.
Old things are passed away.
Behold, all things are become new.
I believe that tonight, Lord, is a night for a brand new start.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me.
Thank you, Lord, that I am washed clean.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm a brand new creature.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm your son or your daughter.
Thank you, Lord, that today is a brand new day for me in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
" And as far as that goes, if you die tonight, you'll be with Him forever in paradise.
So what do you do?
You find a Bible-believing church.
Go to church on Sundays and Wednesdays.
Tell the pastor there, "I need to be water-baptized.
" Tell them, "I need to be water-baptized.
" I do not have a church to go to.
I want to get plugged in here.
Whatever I've got to do, I want to find a Bible to study and read your Bible every day.
If you don't have a Bible, my wife and I will buy you your first Bible.
We would love to be a blessing to you and celebrate your decision tonight.
All you have to do is email us in the description down below.
All you have to say is, "Hey, I got born again on your channel.
Would you send me a Bible?
" In America right now is what we can do.
We're sending out Bibles to the people in America and to military bases and things like that.
But we just want to celebrate your decision.
If you said the prayer with us tonight, welcome to the family.
We're excited for you.
You just did the best thing that you could ever do is just surrender all to Jesus Christ.
I know there'll be a lot of people watch this video over the next day or two, so it's exciting to see the people come in.
All 6,700 of you right now, welcome to the family here praying with us.
I want to call you all saved.
I know y'all are saved.
How many got saved?
Anybody?
I'm tapping it right now.
Okay.
And then after that, let's take communion and go tubing.
Like I said, I don't know this person, but I thought it was interesting because I watch people that are getting born again in the occult because the Lord warned me and said, "Brandon, I'm going to bring them out of the occult.
" And that darkness is so dark on some people and you can see it.
It's like that John Ramirez who was Hispanic and he got born again and he was in the occult and God delivered him.
46 people so far have given their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Welcome to the family.
46.
Last night was 42.
Tonight we had 46.
That's wonderful.
In the White House, they created a new website.
It's aliens.
gov.
What is that for?
Aliens?
For real?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
I told you it was coming.
The Lord said in 2014, right before He comes back, they're going to start to say there's aliens.
Then an alien will be interviewed on TV.
I saw an alien coming that was a demonic fallen spirit—like a demonic Nephilim dark spirit thing—that will be interviewed on TV, probably on CNN more than likely.
Or maybe MSNBC.
I could see MSNBC interviewing it, being friends with it.
"Hey, we know each other.
I've seen you before.
" The CNN worker goes, "Didn't I see you at a seance?
" because they are dark.
Well, I believe we're about to see some radical stuff, folks.
That is crazy, Brandon.
So they have an aliens website?
Yeah, it's like a domain name.
The government purchased it.
Aliens.
gov.
It's coming.
A great deception is coming.
They're going to try to deceive you.
Will you fall for it?
Do you have your eyes open?
A great deception's coming.
I told you I saw some kind of flying saucer—this fake, alien-craft-looking thing—that's going to be over the Vatican and then it's going to be over the Mayan temples.
And I saw people have signs that said, "Welcome to Earth," and they were, you know, like the fields full of half-people, and I saw all this—the great deception coming.
I truly believe it's just part of the fallen angel stuff, the Nephilim, the dark stuff, and it's going to deceive many.
It's not going to deceive me; I've tried to warn you.
Jesus said these things were going to come—dark things like this—as in the days of Noah.
What happened in the days of Noah?
You had giants.
You had all kinds of weird stuff going on.
God destroyed the earth with the flood.
This time it will be with fire.
Either way, I am a believing believer who is not appointed under wrath.
And I am so excited that there are so many of you tonight who are not appointed under wrath either.
I believe there are so many of you right now.
Now, there are some of you who are not born again.
You're watching and you're just curious, but you need to get on the boat.
And that's why we just had an altar call.
What is that?
Is it him saying it's a chess game?
It's a big chess game at a very high level.
Chess at the highest level, and I'm dealing with very smart players.
They are smart people, very high IQ people.
These are not Jasmine Crockett and her group.
What did I tell you?
This was like chess to him.
I gave a word that said this exact thing that he just said.
That's why Braden brought that out.
Does anybody remember this was about chess?
And I said he's thinking way deep.
And I saw him making chess moves and he's thinking this way.
Does anybody remember that prophetic word that was given from the Lord?
Yeah, that was the same one about the three-way thing, right?
Yeah, it was the same about the telephone-to-telephone prophecy.
And I say he's playing chess, but he's trying to figure out what to do next.
He has it in his mind and he's running it over and over again.
What's the outcome of this?
What's the outcome of that?
That's pretty amazing that he would even say that publicly like that, Braden.
Praise the Lord.
Accuracy is important.
It's all about chess.
Do you have it?
That was March 23rd of 2025.
I gave that word.
I'm getting tired.
Play it.
A hedge of blood around Iraq.
We pray for wisdom for Trump making these decisions ahead.
It's like a chess match.
I'm seeing it in the spirit.
He needs wisdom.
We pray for wisdom for his mind.
We pray for the people who are around him not to think with a reprobate mind.
We pray a hedge around his mind.
We thank you Lord that he thinks through you.
He thinks through you to a higher level than he's ever thought before.
Because you can go this way or you can go this way or you can go this way, but it's making the right choice—making the right choice because this choice will turn out a new outcome, but he has to see like chess how many steps ahead.
It's not just one move.
It's seeing the other moves before he needs to move.
What will this do if you make this move so that you're always ahead?
It's not just playing it one position at a time.
It's playing five positions at a time.
I see him.
He needs to make strategic plans.
He's running them through his mind right now.
These plans—but he is measuring each plan, each decision, whether or not he should be doing it strategically.
But he needs not his plan, but the Holy Ghost's plan.
So we pray for his mind.
We pray for his spirit to catch it.
We catch it right now in the name of Jesus out of the realm of the spirit.
We catch it and we pull it to him.
We catch it for him.
We catch it for the body of Christ.
He may not know how to pray through it, but we pray it.
We bring it forth in the name of Jesus—the divine plan.
The divine plan of knowing what to do to make the step to go right through—not just what we think is right in our own mind, but what is right by what the hand of the Lord says, what the voice of the Lord would say.
We call it forth in the name of Jesus.
Trying to poke the beehive.
That's what they're going to do.
I see it.
They try to stir it up over here.
Sleight of hand, folks.
It's sleight of hand.
I see it.
They want to stir it up over here to keep you occupied.
It's what they're hiding in the mountains.
We call those hostages released.
We call the rest of the hostages in those mountains.
Even a year ago today almost—no, it's not a year ago even yet, today is the 18th—so almost a year ago, we were praying over this and the Lord said it's a chess match.
And then today he says it's a chess match.
Isn't that interesting?
Our president says it is a chess match.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
All glory to him.
He is telling you what it is.
It's a chess game.
I told you that's what the Lord said it was to him.
He was thinking and I was looking in the spirit a year from now.
It's about a year, and I'm telling you, it's on the news today.
And it's a year ago almost to the day.
It's a chess game.
Pretty amazing how the Lord does that.
Father, we thank you for your body.
We thank you for the blood.
We thank you, Father, that all we say and do gives you glory.
Father, help us.
I thank you, Lord, that we're all underneath your blood.
Help us, Lord.
We can't do this on our own.
We know that we have to be surrendering our all daily, not just once every once in a while.
We come underneath that grace and that covering, and we surrender all every single day.
We just sit at your feet.
Can you get me my protein shake?
I haven't had enough calories today.
No, just get me that protein.
I'm fine.
I'm feeling like I'm overcoming.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you do.
Thank you, Father, for how much you've done for us.
And I take this body in the name of Jesus, and I say by his stripes, we're healed.
Lord, you've been so good to us.
Lord, you have been so merciful.
Great is your faithfulness to us in the name of Jesus.
And as we come before you boldly tonight, Lord, we give you our all.
Whatever we can do to help you tonight, we yield to the spirit of God, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you, Lord, that I hear your voice and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
I plead the blood over my ears and my eyes and seeing whatever you have for me to see.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for all that you've done inside of me.
And we thank you, Lord.
We take this body in Jesus' name.
Lord, we take the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus and we put a bloodline around us, Father, and we thank you, Lord, that it never loses its power.
Thank you, Father, in Jesus' name.
Satan, you are under our feet.
And we thank you, Lord, that the greater one lives on the inside of us.
And as he is, so are we in this world in the mighty name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Lord, that we are willing and obedient.
And you said we'd eat the good of the land.
You'll take care of us.
You'll provide for us.
You'll watch over us.
And Father, you give us wisdom on how to get the job done to bring in the lost, for we're running out of time.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We take this blood in Jesus' name.
Amen.
I believe.
Now, this is all full of protein, but it's something.
24 grams of protein.
I drink it when I need it quick.
I've been keeping my calories underneath 1500 and that is probably a little low, but I've got a lot of fat to get off.
So, I'm trying to get this off as quick as possible to be obedient to what God has asked me to do.
When you only had about 700 today, I go, 'Okay, I got to have a little bit of something.
' Flesh, when it's going to be so exciting to get our glorified body.
When I've seen it—when we go over and we're in the thousand years, the Lord gives me visions and he'll take me to the thousand years and I'll look at everything.
I've only done it about four or five times now, but he'll allow me to see that thousand years, and it's something to be seen.
Heaven is so beautiful, but I'm telling you, God has such great plans for every single one of us.
And the thousand-year reign is going to be amazing.
We're almost there.
Oh, Father, we give you glory that we're almost there.
Now, who wants to go tubing?
Okay, there goes that.
That was fun.
Yeah, I'm fine.
I got this.
Father, we just thank you for the blood.
Thank you, Lord, for it never loses its power.
Father, as we seek you daily, we'll find you.
We're so grateful for all that you've done and what's right in front of us.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
We glorify your name in all the earth.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, we love you.
We praise you.
We adore you.
Only believe.
All things are possible when you only believe.
Lord, I believe.
All things are possible.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sun.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sun.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe.
Help my unbelief.
I believe, Lord, he's here.
I believe in miracles.
I believe in your blood.
I believe in what you did on the cross for me.
I believe, Father, that by your stripes we are healed.
I believe to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
I believe that you're making a mansion for me, that you're preparing a place for me.
I've got a mansion just over the hilltop in that bright land where we'll never grow old.
I believe.
Jesus, there's something about that name.
There's something about that name that every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that you are Lord.
There's something about that name, Jesus.
Jesus, master, savior.
At the name of Jesus, demons flee.
At the name of Jesus, people are healed.
The dead will be raised.
At your name, we come boldly.
By grace, by your blood, we come to your throne and we sit at your feet, Jesus.
There's so many here right now that we can get so much done, but we magnify you and we glorify you because we know what you've already done.
The finished work of Jesus Christ guarantees me victory.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you for all that you've provided.
Thank you, Lord, for what we drive and that we have food in our bellies and a roof over our head.
Thank you, Father, that the best is yet to come.
Days of great fun have just begun.
Thank you, Father, that your hand is not short to take care of every one of these people tonight.
Father, your hand is not short.
I believe that seed time and harvest is accelerating.
That whatsoever man sows, that will he also reap.
And I believe that the sowers and the reapers are going to go hand in hand, for seed time and harvest will be accelerated in these last days.
For we're out of time.
I see it again.
Do you know how the sun looks behind an eclipse?
Not in a full eclipse, but the days of darkness.
People keep asking me about these three days of darkness.
I have not seen this three days of darkness, but I see something that looks similar.
But it's not a three days of complete darkness with no sun shining at all.
I see a haze on the earth.
I see it looks like a shadow.
I see something that looks like the sun is not shining as bright as it should be.
And as I'm looking into the spirit right now, I see the sun, and the birds will think that it's turning night outside and they'll start to roost.
I see something happening with the sun.
I see the animals wondering what's happening there; it's messing with nature.
The leaves on the trees have a weird glow.
They look like they're shadowed.
It's like the beginning of almost a full eclipse outside, but it's not a complete darkness; it's like a weird haze upon the land.
I see even the birds acting weird; they do not know what to do.
But this is not just for three days.
I see migration and mating patterns changing.
Animals do not know what season they're in and are breeding too early.
The rut of deer is usually in the fall, and they'll start to think it's in August.
I see things changing with the sun.
Something is going to interfere with our sun.
The seasons will become different.
The sun will look different to the eye.
When you're sitting outside, it will look different in the midday sun.
I don't know how else to describe this, but I see it so clearly right now as I'm looking into this vision.
I can see it.
It's even how the sun shines on the trees, the plants, and the flowers, affecting the insects, the birds, and the bees.
Fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees, for a shaking in the heavens is coming.
I see asteroids and comets like the one that just happened over Utah; this explosion is going to become more frequent and it's going to shake the houses.
It's going to break the glass in homes with great sonic booms that will break over your homes.
There will not just be one or two; there will be dozens in the days ahead.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say this: 'There are dozens coming.
' And it will disrupt the whole earth's atmosphere with loud sonic booms and fearful sights.
You will see, and it will shake the nations.
I see some of them crashing down in the water.
Some are going over Europe.
I see the Vatican and Russia; it will shake the nations.
It's like an active pattern with the asteroids and things.
It's coming.
Man's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things that are coming on the earth, for the powers of heaven will be shaken.
A shaking in the earth's atmosphere is coming.
I see these rocks.
Some of them are the size of basketballs, some the size of cars, and some the size of houses.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, that sounds like a big rock.
' Yes.
What will that do?
I don't know.
They hit the water and I see Wormwood.
I see the water boiling.
It looks like bubbles, like Yellowstone bubbles, but in an ocean area.
I see these big bubbles popping up out of there.
I don't know what's causing those bubbles, but I see it bubbling.
I can actually tell you where it hits.
This will be right out by the islands in the Atlantic Ocean.
It will happen in the Atlantic Ocean.
The water out by Africa will boil and bubble from this rock.
It's fiercely bubbling the water.
It looks like a pot of water on the stove, bubbling.
I can see it so clearly, but there are big bubbles, not little bubbles.
These are big bubbles coming up almost like an active water geyser.
This will affect the fish, whales, and sharks.
I see Mark Zuckerberg hiding underground.
I see his curly head.
He has a blue shirt on with a dark blue or black zipper hoodie and a pair of blue jeans.
I can tell you what he's wearing.
Why are You showing me Mark Zuckerberg?
He's hiding.
They know something's coming and they're not talking about it.
They say the odds of it hitting are not favorable; it looks like it could project to miss.
I hear them talking.
These men are in white coats in a room with screens all inside.
I see walls of glass and a table with papers containing mathematical equations.
I hear them talking about this rock that they see coming.
They say, 'The odds are more in our favor that it will not hit.
' They're wrong in their math; that's what the Lord says.
Even the Chinese and the French are talking about this rock.
I see a green laser that will strike this rock.
It will not be a missile; it will be a green laser from Louisiana.
But you'll not stop this rock.
It will be split.
That's what the Lord says.
They come, but something else is causing these volcanoes in Italy and great earthquakes.
It's interfering with our earth's crust, for the magnetic poles are shifting.
What's about to happen will eliminate the flat-earther theory and prove that we never went to the moon.
I know that's what I'm hearing.
I just said that out loud.
I fear God, not man.
I see bases on the moon, domes on the rock surface.
A new space race is coming with Elon's rockets.
I see what looks like a base on the moon, like a town carved into the side of a mountain with glass.
It's on the back side.
The things I'm seeing tonight are a little over the top; I just have to focus on Him.
Thank You, Lord, for what You show us.
I plead the blood of Jesus over what I see.
I am not snared by any familiar spirits.
I know Your voice and I know what You show me.
Conspiracies will not be conspiracies much longer; they'll be revealed on another level.
It's all preparing the church for the rapture.
I see top-secret files.
I see red writing on a manila file that says 'top secret security clearance.
' This is unclassified.
It is written in red, and it is about to be opened.
I see a thick manila file being opened.
It's all strategic.
The timing the Lord said is all strategic.
Classified will become unclassified to distract from what this other hand is doing—AI and the mark of the beast system.
They have to perfect this and keep you distracted.
Great distractions are coming because they know something is coming and they can't hide it anymore.
The Lord says they're saying, 'Look over here,' because they don't want you to look at what's really happening.
They're bringing out old news in a manila folder to be exposed, but it's just a distraction.
There are many things they hide: reptilians, ant people, and dark things in the water.
I see the city of Atlantis underneath the water out by Africa.
Fernando, yes, and this will be what they start to release concerning tombs and great artifacts that will validate and confirm the Bible.
Biblical history is being uncovered.
The Lord said, 'I have preserved this for a great shaking of the nations, for an uncovering of documents, tablets, and things that have been hidden for thousands of years.
I am bringing it out for this generation.
' He's bringing it out by His hand, leading them where to dig to find what has been preserved for centuries.
It's time.
I'm telling you, Brandon, I see it.
Knowledge will increase and double.
I see an aloe vera plant or a cactus with thorns.
What are they going to find about that plant?
I see old shipwrecks like the Titanic.
There is something more nefarious about it.
I see blue demons around the boat; they don't want something discovered.
Remember the submarine?
They were getting too close to something.
The souls of the wreckage cry out for justice.
Many mysteries will be uncovered as the Lord brings divine justice.
There will be an uncovering of everything from sex trafficking to long-term cover-ups.
The Lord said, "I'm bringing divine justice for making wrongs right.
" This concerns Native Americans in Arizona.
He said, "I'm making some wrongs right.
" It's with the African Americans.
"I'm making some wrongs right.
" I see it again with the Tulsa race riots.
I hear Him making a wrong right.
The blood cries out, like it was with Adam's sons.
The blood cries out for justice, retribution, and restitution.
The Spirit of the Lord says, "A restitution and retribution is coming to people; I'm going to make wrongs right.
" Certain key things have been covered up, swept under a rug, and buried because they're uncomfortable.
But the Lord said He's taking it and He's cleaning wounds off of people.
It's bringing racial tension down.
He's fixing things.
There is bondage from generation after generation.
He said this holds back the flow of the Holy Ghost, clogging the pipe of offense, resentment, and bitterness.
He's cleansing things and the glorious church is rising.
He's assembling a bride and making wrongs right.
I see the Underground Railroad.
Is it Harriet Tubman?
I see that African woman who would help the slaves.
I see this timeframe and Him making a wrong right.
It's generational and it keeps getting passed down, and the Lord's bringing restoration to people's souls for the hurt that people keep passing down.
You say, "Well, they didn't go through that," but their great-great-grandma did, and it keeps passing down.
It's a spiritual thing.
Her name is Harriet Tubman.
Thank you.
The Lord is uprooting generational curses to bring forth a glorious church.
He said, "I'm fixing this.
" I see it concerning the Native Americans, the African Americans, and even things attached to the boat—slavery.
People say, "Well, you just need to get over it," but it's generational.
The Lord has not forgotten it.
He said He's bringing retribution and restitution.
I'm hearing this by the Spirit of the Lord.
God is going to bring back the seeds that were sowed and the labor that was not paid, and God's going to restore it back to the family.
This concerns Native Americans and African Americans.
The Lord said, "I'm bringing the racial divide down.
I'm bringing my bride together as a family and we've got to fix some things that were wrong and make them right.
We're going to function like a body.
" The racial tension—He said, "I'm bringing it down.
" I hear Him talk; He says, "Brandon, I'm restoring what the cankerworm ate.
" It stops with this generation.
"I'm not taking on any more hate; I'm going to walk in love and we're going to fix this.
" The love of God is going to flood the void that keeps getting passed down.
The Lord said, "I'm done.
We're going to fix this, taking a wrong and making it right.
No more sweeping under the rug.
" When you have a nasty wound, you don't just put a little bandage on it and go on.
No, you clean it up.
You have surgery.
You fix it in the spirit realm and then you can heal.
You don't just bury it.
Pain is pain.
It hurts.
People think, "It doesn't bother me," but the Lord said, "I'm making wrongs right.
" I'm seeing a generational thing that keeps passing down.
The Lord said, "Brandon, I'm coming back for a glorious church that's united, not divided.
I need everybody.
We're going to work together as a family.
No matter what your race or skin color, we're all going to be a family.
" I see a restoration and a restitution for wrongs in the spirit realm.
God is going to make wrongs right.
Does that make sense?
Do you grasp what I'm saying?
These are very touchy subjects, like walking on glass because people don't want to talk about it or offend people.
But I'm telling you what the Lord says.
His heart cries out for restoration.
He's fixing it.
And it's with the Native Americans, too.
I see them in Arizona.
I see them with the Trail of Tears.
I see the population in Oklahoma: the Cherokee, the Choctaw, all of them, making wrongs right.
You say, "Well, they got land.
" No, there are still roots of bitterness and pain.
It's a spirit thing.
You think, "Well, we got money," but it's something in the spirit—a devil that comes and torments people and causes division.
A house divided cannot stand.
We've got to be united.
There's a storm coming.
Brethren, we've got to come together as a family.
And God said, "I'm going to make a wrong right.
" I believe it.
I claim it in the spirit realm.
I claim what my ancestors didn't get paid as slaves.
I claim those wages in my household.
I call that restitution in my family bloodline in the name of Jesus.
Satan, get your hands off of it!
We have restitution and restoration in my family.
People want to bury it under a rug, but the Lord is cleaning things up and bringing restoration to the church.
This is about revival.
He's coming back for a glorious church.
I see something with a boat; if a submarine gets too close, it crushes.
The Lord said He is bringing restoration.
The vision shifted from a shaking of asteroids to the restoration of His bride.
He's warning you of shaking coming out of the heavens and in the earth with volcanoes, but He's also showing the restoration of the church.
He's going to fix this stuff, too.
He's going to make wrongs right, breaking that generational trauma.
It's a demonic spirit of division.
The Lord showed me this; it's grieving, but it keeps stirring up division.
He said, "Brandon, I want all my kids to be happy and together.
" Can you imagine as a father?
He just wants His kids to be together for a big family reunion where everyone is happy.
We're about to have a church walking in glory—every tribe, every tongue, laying hands on the sick and seeing them recover, casting out devils.
Heaven and earth are colliding.
We will break dividing walls in the name of His Son, and we will be one.
We're going to break the dividing walls and we will be one, flowing as a body should.
We break those dividing walls in the name of Jesus and we will be one in the spirit.
We will function as a body that's joined together—the fingers, the hand, the elbow, the arm.
Jesus is the head of the church, and we are the body.
As Jesus turns His head, the body turns.
He says, "Lift your arm, lift your toes.
" I'm just excited to be there.
Let's just all get along.
There is a place of commanded blessing where brethren dwell in unity, a place where anointing oil is flowing and we will live as one.
You have called us to be a body.
You have called us as friends joined together in the bond of the Spirit unto the end.
Father, we join in the prayer of Jesus: as You are, so let us be one, joined together in unity and purpose for the love of Your Son.
We will break dividing walls and we will be one.
Thank you, Braden.
I didn't know the rest of the words.
Father, You've called us to be a body and friends joined together in the bond of the Spirit unto the end.
We're going to flow as a body in these last days through the shaking to awaken.
I thank You that we're hidden in the cleft of that rock.
I pray for every person right now to have restoration and restitution physically, financially, mentally, and emotionally.
Father, I thank You that we're breaking down those dividing walls and healing will flow.
You are the God of making wrongs right, and You have not forgotten our deep pain.
You know every one of us, from the hairs on our head to the soles of our feet.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're bringing restoration inside of them tonight.
Setting them free, Father.
For you are breaking down those dividing walls.
Father, we choose tonight to let it go.
But God, we don't let it go with the devil.
You repay back everything sevenfold, sucker.
Give us back what rightfully belongs to us.
We call back that in the name of Jesus.
Satan, you're a liar.
And we call restoration and restitution in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that the blood of our ancestors cries out from the grave for fixing it.
I thank you, Father.
My wife is Native American and I always tell her, "You're in your bloodline, honey.
Call it back.
" She's Apache.
I know God is a God of restoration.
I'm so thankful, Father, for all that you've done and all that you continue to do on this channel.
Fixing the things, Father, in people's hearts that only you, Holy Spirit, can fix.
And even with my wife, Father, and the bloodline of her restitution and restoration, Father, for all the American Indians.
Thank you, Father.
Even my sweet wife.
I believe that you make all wrong things right, Father, in the spirit and generational curses are broken.
For you are good, God.
And you see our tears.
You see the pain of the heart from racial dividing.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
The devil will not keep us divided any longer.
We will flow as a body, as a family.
Black, white, Asian, it doesn't matter what you look like.
It doesn't matter what your color is.
Father, we flow as a family.
I'm so thankful, Father, for mature believers that are ready to grab on to the glory with me.
And Father, that we will come up higher in our prayer life with you.
And we hand it all over to you.
But we ask you, Father, for the wrong made right.
Thank you, Father.
As we're seeing all the signs of the times all around us and the things you showed us tonight, we're so grateful, Father, that you protect President Trump.
Father, I thank you for those prayer warriors.
I don't know who they are, but Lord, I ask you to bring godly men and women around him that are true prayer warriors that will pray and intercede and, if need be, that he would hear counsel from them because they're hearing the spirit of the Lord.
Trusted advisors that he would take no counsel from the ungodly concerning these end times.
I thank you, Father, for this nation.
I thank you, Father, for President Trump's children: Don Jr.
, Eric, Tiffany, Barron, and Ivanka, and Kai.
I thank you, Father, there's a covering over that family that a thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
I thank you, Father, that you are restoring everything and their wealth from you, Father, all the things they lost through the persecution they received over the last Biden administration and all that.
Father, you would restore back the fountains of wealth.
He doesn't even take a paycheck, Father.
He sows it to people.
And I thank you, Father, for a man of integrity.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for President Trump, that he finishes the war in Iran quickly, that nobody loses their life.
Father, that only the evildoers would be eliminated, and that, Father, we would have a major revival break out with the Iranian people.
That you give us that window, Lord, that they will have a major revival all throughout Iran.
I thank you, Father, that you're the God that the blood of the innocent, the blood of the Christians cries out from the ground, even there, Father, for restoration and restitution.
I thank you, Father, that you avenge the blood of the innocent in Iran, our brothers and sisters, the martyrs that went before and were killed for the cause of Christ.
That their blood will not go unnoticed, Father.
That there'll be a great revival on behalf of the Iranian people, for a great harvest of souls, for they sowed their life into the kingdom, and they will reap.
Father, I thank you for a great reward for their sacrifice of their life, of our brothers and sisters who died for the cause of Christ in Iran, all throughout Nigeria, and all throughout the persecution of the saints all throughout the Middle East.
I thank you, Father, that the greatest harvest of souls is yet to come, that we will see a major move of God all throughout the land, the continents, the countries, the states, and the counties.
O God, we thank you, Lord, that the beginning of the greatest revival is right on our heels, that the open door that we've all been waiting for will start with us.
I thank you, Father, that your hand is not short for provision concerning this and that, God, the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous and you'll provide for us in these last days.
I thank you, Father, that you protect our country from every terrorist activity, from every underground terrorist organization.
The FBI, Homeland Security, CIA, NSA—all of our departments are alert and ready and know where they are hiding.
There's no rock they can hide under.
There's no cave they can hide in.
There's no valley, there's no mountain, there's nothing.
You will show every one of them where they are and they will expose them before they even have the ability to act on anything they have planned.
Father, that you will expose them across the land in Europe and in America in the name of Jesus.
I believe our intelligence agencies are bringing these people to justice from MS-13 to the darkness all throughout the sex trafficking in California and Gavin Newsom will find a new job working somewhere else.
The bingo parlor, I don't know.
But Father, I know that you've got a plan to bring forth righteous judges and governors and congressmen and women, Senate, House, whatever.
But Father, just like Joe Biden had his day and he's now retired, Father, I thank you that Gavin Newsom will be retired, too.
He's going to go on.
And Nancy Pelosi, her time's too.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you get rid of the RINOs and the crazies.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you bring righteous people up in office in America and in Australia.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you preserve Taiwan, that Taiwan will not be invaded by China.
We put a Holy Ghost hedge around and about Taiwan and all of South Korea, Father, and Japan, that the greatest move of God is coming across the land.
We plead the blood of Jesus over Taiwan tonight that China will not invade.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that you liberate the people of Cuba.
Big difference between us and China going and trying to take Taiwan.
We want liberation.
We call liberation and prosperity over Cuba and blessing over those people.
And we thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
And everyone say amen and amen.
I know I kept you late tonight, but there was so much beautiful stuff there that God is bringing to the people.
And he loves you.
He has a plan for your life, and I'm telling you, it is to prosper you, to give you an expected end.
I believe that there are good days coming for the body of Christ as the dividing walls of racial tension are coming down in the name of Jesus and restoration and restitution's coming to the body.
I believe that the best is yet to come and the glory days have just begun.
I'm so thankful for every single one of you that has showed up tonight to pray with me.
We love you.
We pray for you.
Pray for me as I pray for you all.
It has been a very interesting couple of weeks for us and we're so grateful for all your prayers for my family.
So we continue to pray for each other and we lift each other up.
But thank you for all 6,700 of you that came out tonight or plus, I don't know.
And we will end it there.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we'll see you again soon.
Have a blessed night.
Bye-bye.